You are a punk
Even if you plan to take care of me
Go find a man
At least you have to take care of our daughter
Because of you, my life is ruined
My family hates me because of you
Do you know
How have I survived the past 6 years?
Don't you touch me
I finally waited until you came back.
I didn't expect you to question me when you came back
Sorry I'm not that
Do you think I don't bring grass?
Hanging out with other men here
Do you think I, Su Wanqiu?
Just a lowly woman
I don't have you let me go
If it weren't for the grass
Why would I save another man?
What happened to Xiaocao
Xiaocao was taken by a boss in the dormitory
I want his cornea
What do you think I am a weak woman?
What else can I do?
How much money can I have?
position of power
He dares to touch my woman
I want him dead.
Brother Xie
Post enemy don't
Always come to my rescue immediately